eat a whole blanket of raw onion or
The hottest chili pepper in the world
looking for attention lets one
man named chuck do all that what
internet community of him he demands
had initially tried to have a say
now he tries it
swallow it and it starts to run surprisingly
good of the many citizen attacks and
tears aside sandra long
reported the onion as if it were one
Apple
he sweats fights and tortures himself seven
be minutes long and burn with everyone
bit the eyes sharply and biting
tears
the stomach stupid but give up is not
in question because jackson with this video in
internet become famous
his sense of freestyle is a raw onion
the 37-year-old computer expert is eating
the new jersey and has a questionable one
he is the 99 percent of all things
People would never do their cars
on youtube videos uploaded in those
not the people have talked full
but nobody wanted to see that
Then one idea came up
a courage test and it is the
the hottest chili pepper in the world
I then made that online
put and so came the whole roll
since april of this year he always presents
new speculations in the net his fans
now over 200,000 want him
see suffering and send him over
Internet constantly new absorber recipes
He does not get any money for that
that means it's hot here, she says
said chili pepper also called buyer
The whole thing has to be a funny component
have and a shock factor the people
should say what he can not me
get one after a nice click
before and after
and when I made the muhprobe
that's pretty impressive me
then feel good stomach
it is not always good though
Therefore, the 37-year-old came from
pass what partly very funny
looks like this example can Hesse team
very dangerous in any case
Doctors say after doing
so cinnamon that is like any fine powder
life threatening for this fine
I can not even turn off powder
swallow but if I then
Breathing through the mouth I aspirated so
I then put this powder in the
respiratory tract
that can be life threatening as well
be deadly that no question
the cinnamon action is so much too
dangerous therefore we make passersby
another one in Leipzig city center
Unappetizing offer that the question
also not the mayonnaise and the
whole shoot he has the whole
Time
we bring us how many the probation
participate
suppose it still tastes good
because they are already now yes
there are none and none
Price mind you
Few know, however, all give up
no one comes ran his family
does not really tell you exactly what
he is to operate in his free time
His mother tells him to eat chili peppers
Do not sue her son
suffer to see and which they also know
none of its present representation
kindest visited 44 year old
challenges jank to eat on the onion
then get ready
that's disgusting
the onions will take us three days
follow
Showering as much as you want
everything on the skin out
listener is already bad me
sweat out of a drill and the
sheep penetrating sent to them
turns it in the stomach
I have a total headache in front of him
just over her body while herself
they do not want to give up until
vomit though dax is the vomit
buy more often
many things that other people do not do
he would be very risk-taking, though
also borders
some want that strange
things are not what you do
not only because it is as can but
because many do not want to see it
maggots eat flowers every day
just not everything is just good
specify on the internet and even if chuck
constantly looking for new ones
challenges sometimes has too
They just want a salad